Adds notes on deprecated auth class on flutter v1 migration guide (#9753)
supabase/supabase: apps/reference/_supabase_dart/upgrade-guide.mdx

</Tabs>

## Auth classes / methods

### Usage of `SupabaseAuthState` and `SupabaseAuthRequiredState` classes

> In v0, `SupabaseAuthState` and `SupabaseAuthRequiredState` were required to handle automatic token refresh and to listen to auth state change. In v1, `SupabaseAuthState` and `SupabaseAuthRequiredState` are deprecated, and token refresh will happen automatically just by initializing Supabase. [`onAuthStateChange`](/docs/reference/dart/upgrade-guide#listening-to-auth-state-change) can be used to action on auth state change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In v0, `SupabaseAuthState` and `SupabaseAuthRequiredState` were required to handle automatic token refresh and to listen to auth state change. In v1, `SupabaseAuthState` and `SupabaseAuthRequiredState` are deprecated, and token refresh happens automatically just by initializing Supabase. [`onAuthStateChange`](/docs/reference/dart/upgrade-guide#listening-to-auth-state-change) can be used to action on auth state change.
```
